Subtitles by Jeong@Netflix
GIRLFRIEND
CALLING
The person you have reached
is unavailable. Please leave...
Please, pick up.
I have this phone for three more days.
I want to hear your voice.
I want to say I'm sorry.
And I miss you.
She won't pick up, right?
Ji-ho is totally normal, huh?
Unlike you, she's good
with facing reality.
Oh, gosh!
What's his problem?
He had a fight with Captain Yoo again.
It looked like Jung-woo
was really going to kill him,
so Lieutenant Paeng brought him here.
He's clearly affection-deprived.
He's always clinging onto people,
but he starts up with them first.
He's clingy to you too, right?
Yeah, you nailed it.
I'm affection-deprived.
You must be Brainy Smurf.
He's smart.
How did you know I was affection-deprived?
My mom cares only about money.
When I was studying in Japan
and came home after two years,
and when my maternal grandma passed away,
my mom opened the restaurant and worked.
She likes money much more
than her one and only son.
I was always lonely.
A lot of kids from rich families
are affection-deprived like you.
Hey.
I hear your family owns
Master Yoo's Spicy Shortribs. Right?
Wow. I went there yesterday,
and they opened another wing.
You went there yesterday? With whom?
No comment.
You're dating, aren't you?
Gosh. The poor woman.
She's dating a player.
I really pity her.
Will you make brownies again?
You punk!
You have lice! Lice!
What? I have what?
Look. Here.
This...
This is lice. Gross. Shit.
Lice...
You bastard.
-It's okay, they'll die.
-Kaist...
YESTERDAY
Why are you giving me so much
when I eat for free?
You're our only eat-free-for-life
customer, so I should give you a lot.
You brought your girlfriend today.
About six or seven months ago,
your boyfriend
came all by himself, and ate all of this
in just 20 minutes.
He was skinny, so I didn't think...
Honey. Don't bother the customers
with your babble.
Go clear that table.
I'm sorry. I was a bit loud.
-Not at all.
-Enjoy.
Let us know if you need more.
Enjoy.
The owner is super scary.
Come to think of it, their son's got guts.
How did he do drugs
when his mom is so scary?
Their son did drugs?
Yeah. He's in our prison.
In the same cell as Je-hyeok.
Is he nice?
No one in prison is nice
except for your brother.
He's kind of...
strange. I can't quite read him.
Your mom is super scary.
How did you do drugs behind her back?
My mom isn't interested in me.
She wouldn't know if I went missing.
-Why you... You brat.
-Seriously... How could you say that?
It's true.
This is why I hate kids
from rich families.
They don't know gratitude.
Joon-ho, remember the rich kid we knew
when we were little?
His dad had a big business.
He had the first Game Boy in our class.
That was the first time
I envied someone for being rich.
Yeah, that's right.
I begged my mom for over a year
and finally got it for my birthday.
I begged for like two to three years
and finally got one.
Do you know how civilians like us live?
I never had a game console.
You don't know anything.
I think my family was
one of the poorest families in Gangbuk.
All I remember from my childhood
-is the frequent moving...
-I'm going to the restaurant.
Mommy, I'm hungry.
I made instant noodles. Eat that.
And instant noodles that my mom
made me every morning
before leaving for work.
Run!
You stink. Gross.
My clothes were dirty
and I couldn't bathe often,
so I was always left out
since grade school.
No. I shunned everyone else.
I hated jerks like that.
I shunned them because they were annoying.
UI JUNIOR HIGH SCHOOL
My mom saved up like crazy
and opened a restaurant.
From ninth grade, we were well-off enough
that every season,
they bought me name brand shoes,
although they were cheap.
But I was still an outcast.
Of course, I shunned them.
I didn't need friends.
I didn't want to play soccer at all,
and I didn't want to go to Internet cafes
with friends.
I liked being alone.
We need one more player.
Do you want to play?
Play with me.
Ji-won was our class president.
Pass!
Everyone liked him.
He had a great personality.
Shoot! Shoot!
I became his sidekick from that day on.
I liked him from the start.
-Hey! Take it!
-From the start.
Pass! Pass!
I liked everything about him.
JEONGSEON'S SNACKS
Are you brothers? You look identical.
No way!
We're not brothers.
Okay, fine. It's no big deal.
Okay.
We're friends.
Best friends.
Really?
He's my best friend.
Right?
Then, we went to high school.
I transferred to Gangnam,
and Ji-won moved to the US
because of his dad's job.
But still, just once...
Just once, I wanted to say it.
So, I wrote an email.
A love letter.
I finally have the courage to tell you.
I like you. Not as a friend.
I like you as more than a friend.
SEND
I mustered up courage and sent the email.
RECIPIENT: JI-WON SONG
SUBJECT: HI, JI-WON, IT'S HAN-YANG
STATUS: NOT READ
And then I deleted it right away.
CANCEL
I just...
couldn't send it.
INBOX
Hi, Ji-won. It's Han-yang.
I'll go to the airport to see you off.
I like you. Not as a friend.
I like you as more than a friend.
We only stayed in touch after that.
He returned to Korea,
and we met again junior year in college
at our junior high school reunion.
Then, Ji-won asked me out first.
Ji-won asked me.
That's when we started dating.
Why did I start talking about that?
I guess...
So, you went to a co-ed school?
Plenty of girls are good at soccer.
Ji-won
is a guy.
It feels so good to say it out loud.
I feel free.
We're even now.
I pretended not to know
that you two were best friends,
so do the same for me.
Please.
I knew you two were close friends,
but wow,
you were friends since grade school.
No wonder you two seemed so close.
I didn't tell you, did I?
We're childhood friends.
You knew too.
Thanks for playing dumb.
Just eat your ice cream.
It's okay. I know you're shocked.
You're terrible actors.
PRISON PLAYBOOK
AUTHORIZED PERSONNEL ONLY
Wow. Je-hyeok Kim is amazing.
Simply amazing.
I thought he was kidding.
I never thought he'd ask to put him
back in their cell.
He's an athlete.
He looks dumb, but he knows how to win.
It's a good idea. It is.
Whatever. It's easier said than done.
A storm is about to hit that cell.
It's imminent.
Delivery!
Have a nice day.
Stop it. Not you too.
-We should distribute the items.
-Yeah.
I think the people in our cell
are too nice.
How could we take in that scumbag?
We should just...
Okay.
Everyone gather round.
I ordered apricot tea.
It's hot. Let's drink some cold tea.
Hey. Come here.
We ordered one for you too.
You don't have a summer blanket.
-Jung-woo, you ordered it, right?
-I did.
Hurry up. You're embarrassed, aren't you?
He makes me nervous.
You've been glaring at us
and trying to be scary,
so you feel too awkward and humiliated
to try to get along now, right?
It's okay. He was a total prick
when he first came too.
-Hey you. Come here.
-What?
Stop hiding in the corner there,
and come eat with us.
-Hurry!
-Do as you're told!
Listen to the adults.
-You won't listen?
-One, two...
-Seriously.
-Good.
-Punk.
-I'll shave off all your hair.
Okay, today's delivery.
Milk. It'll spoil, so take them. One each.
There are six. Perfect.
-I had a Banana Kick.
-Hey.
-Are you happy?
-Sit comfortably.
-Who ordered socks?
-Me.
Min-chul, let's have the tea later.
This takes a lot of effort.
You said to gather to have apricot tea,
but you won't serve it?
-They'll be okay, right?
-Of course.
Am I the only one who sees
Crony's new boss?
Really? I'll get the ice.
-Then you do it.
-Put that down.
You can't take the last one, you bastard.
What?
Really? Why?
I got the warden's permission.
Crony will return to our cell,
and he will help me train.
No. What if he tries something again?
I'm sure Je-hyeok has a plan.
He has a reputation
for being a troublemaker,
so no prison will take him anyway.
Even if they do, it'll take time,
so I figured it would be better
to keep him close.
As long as I hold it in
and make the effort.
That's why.
Still, it's too dangerous to share cells.
You're so frustrating.
Don't mind him. I'm for it.
Me too.
This line comes to mine.
"Keep your friends close,
and your enemies closer."
That's true, but...
Did he agree?
The lowlives he's close to
won't stand for it.
He seemed worried about them,
so I said I'd take care of it for him.
What? Take care of what?
What else? The gnats.
How did you get into a military academy
with that brain?
You donated a building to the school,
didn't you?
Put down the pot.
-Is that right?
-Yes.
He was born to be a Number Two.
I'll be his Number One.
-Please help me.
-You bastard.
Tell him to bring it again.
That's...
What the hell?
Why is Crony over there?
Look who this is.
If it isn't the famous Je-hyeok Kim.
Why are you keeping that trash with you?
Huh?
Why?
Have you lost your fricking...
You can't go first!
You're after the gasoline!
I'm sorry.
I got too excited.
Hey! Return those tools right now.
The flowers in the greenhouse
are about to die without the oil!
Yes, sir.
Seriously. You are such a pain.
Such a pain!
Why did I carry this here?
The person you have reached
is unavailable. Please leave...
You have one day left.
Captain Na is counting the hours.
Joon-ho.
Help me break out.
Sure.
Hey, Je-hyeok. Je-hyeok! Hey! No!
Help me break out.
Sure.
Hey, Je-hyeok. Je-hyeok! Hey! No!
Okay.
Yeah, let's just exercise instead.
That's good.
You need to train Crony. Should I get him?
No. I won't exercise.
The person you have reached...
The person you have reached
is unavailable. Please leave...
JE-HYEOK
Let's go home.
I'll take you. Let's go.
I'm going to study some more.
Then me too.
You keep studying at the cafe now.
I'll come here too.
My phone keeps ringing,
so I can't study in the library.
Let's go to the movies tomorrow.
I got tickets to a sneak preview.
Go with me.
What are you up to?
Why should I watch a movie with you?
I rejected you badly. Do you have amnesia?
Can't you watch a movie with a friend?
-We did it a lot before.
-That was before you said you liked me.
I won't go to the movies with you anymore.
And I'm fine studying together,
but please sit there.
Didn't you break up with your boyfriend?
You broke up with Je-hyeok.
Yeah, we did.
-But?
-But what?
Even if I break up with Je-hyeok
100 times, I won't go out with you.
Dream on.
Get over there.
Fine.
JE-HYEOK
-Wait for me.
-Don't follow me, or I'll...
Did you ever play baseball?
Do you know what a catcher is?
I played until junior high.
I never played catcher, though.
I can do it.
I'm good at anything physical.
He's a total cyborg.
He's gifted in sports.
That's enough.
That's enough!
Hey, stop!
Shit!
Don't kick it. Don't...
It's okay.
He's just out of his mind right now.
Turn around for a minute.
-Stop it, you punk.
-Just a minute.
-Stop it. You're being a stalker.
-What?
This isn't stalking.
Stay still. You've done plenty.
Don't do it. Give me that.
-What's wrong with you?
-Don't do it.
Wait.
What's wrong with you?
Let me make one call.
-What? What's wrong with you?
-Wait.
-Just one call.
-Crony can't see that.
Keep it down.
I said, don't.
-Don't do it.
-Just one minute.
-No.
-Stop.
You bastard.
You don't have to do that.
Just do your thing.
Do what you want to do. It's okay.
If you have nothing to do,
give Min-chul a shoulder massage.
He took orders his entire life.
Telling him to do whatever he wants
is the hardest thing for him.
Look at Han-yang.
He did whatever he wanted all his life.
Look at him. Look at that punk.
He wants another beat down
from Captain Yoo.
How sad. You missed.
I warned you several times
not to touch my things.
I won't take it anymore.
I'm going to kill you, you bastard.
Who wants spicy noodles?
The noodles saved you.
That druggie bastard.
What did you do to the instant noodles?
It tastes absolutely incredible.
It tastes just like the real thing.
It's better than what I had in the army.
How did you do it?
It's easy.
First, soak the noodles in Sprite
for 30 minutes.
Then the noodles become nice and sweet.
But the most important thing is the sauce.
Mix the instant noodles seasoning,
the flakes, apricot tea,
and three spoons of Sprite.
Finally, add one-third tablespoon
of sesame oil for the finishing touch.
This is the Kaist special spicy noodles
passed down for generations in Munrae.
You're really good with your hands.
He made those hooks too.
Tell him if you need anything.
He is a total scumbag,
but he's very talented.
He can make anything.
It's been a while, Han-yang. Right?
How dare you pretend to be Looney
and deceive us. Get over here.
Get over here, you bastard.
I said to get over here. Fine.
I'll go to you. You're dead.
Refrain yourself.
Hey. Je-hyeok. Stay out of it.
You keep taking his side.
That's why he's like that. Let go.
I don't understand what you said.
You get over here too, you bastard.
I guess you envied my tongue.
I'll make yours just like mine.
Min-chul, hold his arm.
Arm...
-Not me. Grab him.
-Chul-doo Kang.
-You have mail.
-Who cares?
I'm going to cut their tongues...
-Let go.
-It's from Cheongju.
Six letters.
Let go. Okay.
What's with him?
It's been a while
since you had a jail date.
-Yeah.
-Good luck.
I know. Thank you so much.
From 1622 Hyeon-jeong Kim from Cheongju
From 3654 Hye-mi Kim from Cheongju
What is all of that?
Jail date.
It's like a pen pal program between jails.
When did that punk start the jail dates?
Yes. Six letters. Six.
Who wants a jail date?
-With whom is it?
-Where else?
Cheongju Female Penitentiary.
It's their cell 2B6 and our cell 2B6.
We got six letters, but no one wants?
First come first served.
You're such trash.
I know already, okay?
Jung-woo, are you in?
Je-hyeok, let's do it.
I have a girlfriend.
You do? Really? Okay.
Min-chul, aren't you lonely? Join.
Knock yourself out.
-How about you, Looney?
-I'm seeing someone too.
God. Forget it. Fine.
I'll take them all. All of them.
You want in?
He's Trash Number Two.
Okay. Come here. Pick.
Pick one.
Hold on. I can pick first, right?
I... I want...
A broadcast shared with 50,000 inmates.
I am Min-joo Lee, your host
of the Borami Broadcast.
The summer is almost over as well.
Many things come to mind
when I hear "August."
Summer vacation, vacations, trips,
hurricanes, monsoons, and the beach.
As for me, I like the word
"vacation" the most.
Are you sad that you can't go on vacation?
Don't be sad.
Going somewhere isn't the only way
you can take a vacation.
Here's the last song for today.
Why don't we all go on a vacation
for a few minutes
along with this song? "The Pearl Fishers."
Can you not read?
How many months are you reading
Romance of the Three Kingdoms?
It's my girlfriend's favorite book.
She read it over ten times,
so I want to try reading it.
You should've been good while you had her.
I regret everything after coming here.
I should've been better to my lover.
Why did I take drugs and end up
being separated from the person I love?
I mean, how am I in jail, of all places?
My life is a mess.
He must really like prison.
Goodness...
He's excited.
When will you grow up?
I'm over 50 years old.
If I were going to grow up,
I would've grown up long ago.
And if you grow up, you die.
-Are you proud of being in jail?
-Of course.
A real man should collect stars
while he's alive.
They're like medals.
You're shameless. So shameless.
How many stars did you say you had?
Ni, er, san, si,
go, roku, shichi, hachi, nine, ten. Peow.
If you have ten priors,
how long were you in prison?
How long? He was here crazy long.
He's an old Jailbird. Old Jailbird.
But Jailbird is more mature than Kaist.
Is it because you were never married?
He was. Six times.
It's because he has no kids.
Even a dirtbag gets his act together
and lives a decent life if he has a kid.
I have a kid.
I have a son.
He should be 21 or 22 by now.
Aren't you ashamed to face your son?
Aren't you ashamed to face your parents?
-Let's not attack family.
-You started it, bastard.
Really?
Then why hasn't your son
come to visit once?
We cut ties long ago.
Anyway, that bastard is a real prick.
How could he not visit his dad once?
He's a total dirtbag.
Don't you miss him?
Not in the slightest.
You need to live together to be family.
We're strangers.
And he despises me. He only likes his mom.
He thinks of me as scum.
You are scum.
I ought to...
The only true single man here is Min-chul.
What a lowlife you are.
How could you pick on Big Uncle?
I was married too.
What? But how?
That's a crime.
I guess... I guess that's why
people beat up Han-yang.
My lawyer is good. Should I introduce you?
Why you... You too?
Stop the nonsense, and let's sleep.
The sun is high in the sky.
Okay. Good.
You mean the moon is high in the sky.
You're lying, right?
You've been single all your life,
so you made that up, right?
I know!
It's like hysterical pregnancy, right?
-Hysterical pregnancy.
-Why you...
You always earn a beating. You do.
I'm going to kill you today. Okay?
-I'll pulverize you!
-No! Stop!
-Isn't that why your belly is so big?
-Calm down, Min-chul.
-Don't be ashamed.
-Restrain yourself.
You bastard!
-You shut up.
-Hold it in.
He's always like this.
-Hey!
-Oh, my
-Min-chul, hold it in.
-Why you...
-Oh, my.
Stop it.
What?
-Stop it.
-You punk.
Gosh.
Stop it! Stop!
-Je-hyeok, training.
-Min-chul, calm down.
-Stop it.
-Give me a minute.
What will you do? Hey, Looney.
-Put it down.
-Oh, no.
Oh, no.
Captain Na is waiting.
He says he'll go home
after you return the phone.
One minute.
NEW MESSAGE
GIRLFRIEND
Ji-ho...
-What?
-Here. It's Ji-ho.
Go, answer.
Hi, Ji-ho.
It's okay. There are phone visitations.
Be understanding.
She's coming.
Oh, yeah!
But Je-hyeok, what did you say
in your last text?
-What?
-What did you say,
that Ji-ho suddenly called,
after not calling
or texting all this time?
What?
What else?
That I'm sorry, and I miss her.
What else is there to say?
Ji-ho, please call.
I don't have time.
If you don't call now,
I'll smash my right hand with a hammer.
Please answer.
I have this phone for three more days.
I want to hear your voice.
I want to say I'm sorry.
And I miss you.
I miss you, Ji-ho.
I want to hear your voice.
Answer the phone.
I was wrong. I'm a loser, aren't I?
So please, answer the phone. Please.
FALL, 2017
-I guess it's going well for you both.
-Yes.
-How old is she?
-Mine is 33.
Mine is 25.
We're the same age.
That's ridiculous.
You want to die?
You're both the same age.
It's absurd, right?
It's just that I hate to believe
that he and I are the same age.
But I'm not saying we're friends.
I'm saying let's just say it's true
for the sake of argument.
You look like that. With that face...
How could you be only 25?
That's ridiculous.
Show me your ID.
Ask Lieutenant Paeng.
Who cares about age?
My girlfriend is getting out next week.
She says she'll come visit.
She says she'll put her hair up
and wear rose-scent perfume.
Can we have visits now?
We couldn't have visits for a while
because of the new flu.
That's why he's in a bad mood.
It was lifted today.
Visitations are allowed again.
-Really?
-Yes.
But there's such a backlog,
they're going in order.
Well... My girlfriend also says
she's getting out next week.
Really? Congratulations.
She's going to visit.
Of course. You're her boyfriend.
With her hair up
and wearing rose scent perfume.
I'm a snake.
Can I see your letter?
The handwriting is different.
They're different people.
How old is she again?
-She's 33.
-She's 25.
My mom always writes like that.
I'll run right on over.
She also wrote "right on over."
This is something people said
a long time ago.
Just how old is she?
The same person wrote these.
One with her left hand,
the other with her right.
Oh, no.
Give her up.
-That's low.
-Yes.
-You give her up.
-I cannot.
I love Lady Hwang.
-I'm in love already.
-Oh, my. You psycho.
You give her up, you bastard.
I cannot.
This is insane.
Jung-woo Yoo, Han-yang Yoo, visitor.
-Are you two brothers?
-Are you nuts?
No, sir.
Why you... Watch it.
Hey. You have a visitor.
I'm sorry. He's very sick.
Here's a gift.
White tulips mean "forgiveness."
-I'm sorry.
-Excuse me.
Don't I have a visitor?
Sorry. There are many people waiting,
so you'll have to wait.
Yes, sir.
Your girlfriend?
-Yes.
-Gosh.
You should've been good to her
while you had her.
I know. I regret it so much.
She's too good for me.
If I can see her again,
I can do anything.
Even break out?
-My girlfriend won't like that.
-Gosh.
The mighty Je-hyeok Kim
is actually whipped.
Just like you, there was a person
that I thought about 24 hours a day...
And?
There was someone that I liked.
What?
You weren't lying?
What do you take me for?
I was really popular when I was young.
A BETTER TOMORROW
WINTER, 1995
I wanted to give it to you last night,
but you were asleep.
You should've woken me.
What for?
-Do you like it?
-Yeah, I do.
-I found...
-You found it on the street?
Why are there so many things dropped
on the road that you take?
Take me next time.
-Is that right?
-Is what right?
That's right.
I found this on the ground too.
Take it. My... My arm is getting tired.
You do it.
You put it on my finger.
You brat.
Alright. There.
I'm leaving now.
I may be late tonight.
I have a gift for you too.
I bought you a pair of sneakers.
I have plenty.
The sole ripped, so it leaks.
Say, "Thank you," and take them
while I'm being nice.
-Weren't they expensive?
-They're counterfeit.
Then I'll take them.
-Goodness.
-That's right.
I have something to say.
What is it?
No. Later. I'll tell you tonight.
-Have a nice day.
-You're so silly.
Wait. I really have something to say.
What? What is it? The sun is going to set.
I love you.
You brat. That's stupid...
I'm leaving.
Lock up.
-Okay. Bye.
-Bye.
You'll be getting out soon.
The suffering is finally almost over.
Mom didn't come again.
It's Saturday. How could she,
with the restaurant?
Still, I thought she'd come at least once.
We opened another wing,
so it's been even crazier.
Be understanding.
I understand.
Money is more important than her child.
She sent her kid to jail to save money
on bail.
I understand.
It was all for you.
That's why she didn't bail you out.
That's all an excuse, Dad.
It isn't an excuse.
She did it so you could grow up
and get your act together.
She reported you that day for you too.
Mom was the one who reported me?
Did Mom report me?
How could she do that?
How... How could she...
How?
She's my mom.
I just submitted the petition
for your retrial.
You've suffered a lot.
You've suffered a lot, my little brother.
No, you've suffered more because of me.
-Thank you.
-Don't say that.
That's ridiculous.
I'm sorry I couldn't do it sooner.
Don't say that.
If it weren't for you...
I may not have been alive today.
Don't say stupid things like that.
Want to die?
Sorry.
All we did was submit the petition.
It may take months
before we get a response.
-I know.
-Don't let it wear you down.
Let's hang in there as we have been.
You should return to work.
It's been a while, right?
We don't know how much longer
this fight will last.
I'm fine now.
I can hang in there,
so return to your university.
Leave the work to the lawyer.
Okay. I'll take care of it.
You may get fired.
I will not.
Why would I get fired?
I'm a popular professor.
So, go back to your job.
-Okay.
-You mean it?
You'll return to work, right?
Then, go back right away.
Okay?
Promise.
Okay.
Okay. Don't worry.
I'll request reinstatement tomorrow.
I can finally sleep peacefully now.
I can sleep in peace now.
SEOBU PENITENTIARY
-Why do you keep mumbling?
-What?
Do you have that much to pray for?
If I were God, I'd ignore you
because you're so noisy.
You've got mail.
Damn it...
Is it still not over yet?
Is this woman filming Produce 101
or something?
Why?
How does he know that show?
She says she'll visit today,
and choose then.
She'll request a visit with the person
she wants to date.
She's a pro.
She knows how to play the game.
She's juggling you two right now.
Why that...
I'm washing up.
It's a war, you bastard.
Let's see who wins.
Hey, Errand Boy! Come here!
Hey! Bring me cologne!
Find someone who uses cologne!
It's hot.
Damn it...
I'm shocked. Utterly shocked.
If you like women and gambling so much,
why did you live in Munrae?
My gosh. How amusing.
It was hard. It was very hard.
That wasn't the life I dreamed of.
What life did you dream of?
The life that I dream of...
Okay. Let me go over that again.
First, you'll have the foie gras salad,
and the filet mignon
with white truffle sauce,
both cooked medium rare.
What wine would you like?
The Chateau Shubert sauvignon blanc.
Pardon?
We'll have the Chateau Shubert
sauvignon blanc.
I don't need to taste it.
I see. Yes, sir.
For dessert,
we have a strawberry chiffon cake
and a cinnamon chocolate cake.
Which would you like?
I'll take a strawberry chiffon cake.
Pardon?
Strawberry chiffon...
The strawberry flavor cake.
Okay, thank you.
I didn't know which you'd like,
so I got you both.
Honey, what is this?
What else? They're designer brands.
Oh my god. Honey.
The black is Chanel,
and the white is... No.
The white is Chanel,
and the black is Gucci.
Honey.
I love you.
Shakespeare said,
"Love is merely a madness."
I want to go mad for you today.
In light of that,
here's to your eyes. Cheers.
What a crappy dream. Seriously.
Cell 2B6.
Visitation. But let's see. Let's see.
Je-hyeok Kim.
No. You don't have a visitor
today either. Sorry.
I feel so bad.
I see.
It's okay.
You can call later.
We can make calls tonight.
Sure.
There is one visitor.
Stop stalling!
Are you memorizing it for a test?
Are your eyes going dim with old age?
No! Lieutenant Paeng! I'm so sorry!
I was just kidding. It's because
I'm a bit sensitive now. I'm sorry.
-Chul-doo Kang. Visitor.
-Yes!
Yes!
Yeah, yeah
You bastard. You baldy bastard.
You stay in the cell.
I'll see you later, okay?
I'll see you later.
I'll take care of you all
if things go well.
-I've never seen this name before.
-I'm the hottest guy here.
-Don't come back.
-Okay, fine.
What are you doing here?
You didn't say you were coming.
It's been a while.
Is everything good?
Geon-u's well too?
It took you long enough to ask.
You left us for a rich woman.
What are you doing in there?
Geon-u is very sick.
Your one and only son...
is so sick that he could die any day.
What are you talking about?
Say that again!
It's liver failure.
It keeps getting worse,
so he needs a liver transplant.
My blood type isn't a match,
and he's still far down
on the organ transplant waiting list.
Geon-u may end up dying at this rate.
What were you doing?
What did you do while he got like that?
I was busy trying to survive.
While my gambling husband
lived his life as he pleased,
I was busy raising my kid alone!
I was busy trying to survive!
I was too busy working myself to death!
Then how... What...
What... What can I do?
Geon-u said he'd rather die
than get your liver.
He says he doesn't want his dad's.
Still,
I can't let him die like that.
At least get a blood test.
SEOBU PENITENTIARY
NO FOOD OR DRINK
CHUL-DOO KANG
Based on the CT, ultrasound, and MRI
of the liver,
the blood vessel shape and function
are all good.
The biopsy result will be out soon,
so we can proceed with the surgery
tomorrow afternoon.
Thank you, doctor. Thank you so much.
Every day was a battle for him.
I'm so glad his dad was able
to resolve it so quickly.
It's a miracle.
But doctor,
you can't tell Geon-u anything
about his dad.
He doesn't know.
I understand what you mean.
I've already instructed my staff,
so don't worry.
Thank you.
How could this happen?
You never know what will happen to people.
I'm surprised the prison decided
to let him do it this quickly.
I thought it would take a while.
Did you ask the warden?
No.
I was going to, but...
He can't get surgery unless he gets
a stay of execution of his sentence.
I'll ask the warden myself.
But just in case, think of a way,
like petitions,
or maybe using the media or something.
It's already been decided.
The warden submitted a request
to stay his sentence,
and the Prosecutors' Office will give
us an answer by tomorrow.
That soon?
There will be a huge article
in the papers tomorrow.
"Miraculous Inmate's Organ Donation.
Seobu Penitentiary
and Seobu Prosecutors' Office
unify and break through
the cold prison wall."
At times like these,
those two work really well together.
Neither has anything to lose.
That's great.
Je-hyeok.
Ji-ho called today.
Ji-ho...
has caught the swine flu.
She was very sick.
She's hospitalized,
which is why she couldn't visit.
She said to tell you not to worry.
She's hospitalized because she's sick,
but you... She says you!
She says to tell you not to worry.
You! She's worried
that you'll get worried,
so she said to tell you not to worry.
You'd better worship her
when you get her back, you punk.
Come on.
His surgery is this afternoon.
That's great. I'm glad.
Then, Kaist will get to see his son.
But the son doesn't know
his dad is the donor.
No, after the surgery.
I'm sure he'll see him at least once
after surgery.
He'll be at the hospital
for a week or two anyway.
Let's focus on the surgery first.
After the surgery goes well,
we can think about it then.
Mr. Chul-doo Kang.
NO FOOD OR DRINK
Geon-u will be brought into the OR now.
Mr. Kang, you'll go to the OR
about an hour later.
We finished analyzing the blood vessels,
and we have the surgery plan.
So, don't worry about a thing.
You'll just be taking a nice nap.
I'll see you in the recovery room.
-Let's go.
-Thank you.
Thank you.
Go to Geon-u.
They'll take him down.
He's in the ICU, so I can only see him
during visiting hours.
I just saw him.
That doctor is good, right?
If anything happens to Geon-u,
I won't forgive him.
Mr. Chul-doo Kang.
We're going to do one more brief test.
ELEVATOR FULL
-Let's take that one. We don't have time.
-Sure.
It's crowded, so we'll take
the surgery patients' elevator.
Hello.
CHUL-DOO KANG
GEON-U KANG
LIVER FAILURE
It's you, Dad, right?
It's you, isn't it, Dad?
I am not.
You have the wrong person.
I'm sorry.
-Have a nice day.
Geon-u...
Yes, it's your dad.
OPEN REFORM, EMPATHETIC REFORM
He was fine a moment ago. Is he faking it?
He threw up three times today.
He hasn't slept in a week.
So, he has insomnia.
He can ask for sleeping pills.
He won't take any medicine.
He says he's afraid it would make him
crave other drugs.
-Aren't you drinking?
-I don't drink sweet coffee.
Why is a guy in prison so picky?
Dong-ho. Stop cleaning.
Come have some coffee.
It's hot.
Thank you.
Kaist was moved
to a regular hospital room today.
He's eating porridge and exercising now.
Our country's good at surgeries now.
He's healthy. They say it went very well.
That's a relief.
It really is a relief. That's great.
When will he be discharged?
Well...
I'd assume a week or two later.
It was a major surgery.
And one bad news.
No visitations again for a while.
The gangster punks got into
a big fight in the yard today.
The ambulance had to come.
Visitations and early discharges
are all on halt for the time being.
Thank you.
You know...
Can I...
see Geon-u just once?
Let me see him just once.
Do you want to die?
Okay.
Jung-woo. Thanks for doing the dishes.
I'll do them tomorrow.
It's okay. By the way, it's getting
kind of chilly at night now.
All right, then.
Still, time passes.
It's fall already.
Gosh.
You must be upset you can't have visitors.
This happens now and then.
You're not crying, are you?
I'm about to cry.
Jung-woo, you never went this long
without seeing your brother before, right?
You know, I've never seen brothers
as close as you guys before.
I know. Most brothers are apathetic
and don't talk much...
to each other, aren't they?
We were like that too.
-What?
-That's how we were.
Both my brother and I
aren't very affectionate.
We're 12 years apart,
so we were never close.
We probably spoke
fewer than ten times a year.
OCTOBER 2010
Wow. Seaweed soup?
Is it Mom's birthday?
No, it's my birthday.
Really?
Happy birthday.
Jung-woo is 26 already.
Time really flies.
I'm 23.
He's 23.
SPRING, 2011
Jung-woo, take care of yourself.
Don't get sick.
Train well and call us often.
My baby. It's still so cold out.
It's okay, Dad. It's only four weeks.
Don't worry.
Why did you come?
I had time to kill.
Okay.
Take care.
He was really stiff.
As soon as my incident happened,
my brother took a leave of absence
from his school.
And from then until now,
he only worked on my case.
He has no personal life.
He spent 24 hours a day on me.
Wow. How nice of him.
I never even imagined he'd do that for me.
After what happened,
I hated the world.
I wanted to kill everyone,
and I wanted to die.
I felt so wronged and was so angry,
it drove me crazy.
-I was out of my mind.
-True.
You really were.
Aren't you sleeping?
I am.
But...
But once I came to,
we were petitioning for a retrial.
I was just being angry
and annoyed in here,
but I had come this far
thanks to my brother.
Before then, I never thought
I'd actually say things like...
"Thank you,"
or "I love you."
But they come out naturally now
whenever I see him.
It's automatic.
After I came here,
I wrote my sister a letter
for the first time in my life.
At lease little sisters are cute.
My sister's temper is just like mine.
We weren't close,
just like you and your brother were.
But after what happened,
I said a lot of cringy comments
to my sister.
But seriously,
it just comes out automatically.
You guys are lucky.
I'm an only child,
so I have no brothers or sisters.
My mom wanted to save on bail money
and sent her son to jail.
I envy you all.
Didn't your lover report you?
My mom reported me.
My mom is an incredible person.
She's as cold as ice.
She's very strong.
MASTER YOO'S SPICY SHORTRIBS
I'm a crazy witch.
I'm an evil witch.
I was too obsessed with money
to raise my child right.
I...
I deserve to be punished.
My baby.
My poor baby. It must be so hard.
How could my baby be in jail?
My poor baby.
The poor thing.
You know...
Can I...
see Geon-u just once?
Let me see him just once.
Actually, I already asked him.
You did? When is he coming?
He said he didn't want to see you.
He knew it was you.
He said he knew.
Yes. That's why he should come see me.
He said he would never.
Over his dead body.
He said he hates...
having an ex-con father.
He'd be fine with a dad...
who collects trash on the street, but...
not a dad in jail.
He says it makes him sick.
I even gave him my liver.
Why does he hate me?
That punk...
He shouldn't be like that.
Exactly.
You idiot.
You should've done better.
You should've...
You should've been a better person.
You're being punished.
You abandoned your child...
You abandoned your wife
and did as you pleased!
You're being punished for it!
My gosh! Thank you!
My gosh! Thank you, Lord!
What are you doing?
I'm just going to see Geon-u's face,
just once.
Where is he? What room number?
He doesn't want to see you.
What's wrong with you?
Yeah, so his dad...
I gave him my liver. Why does he hate me?
Stop lying. You're being ridiculous.
-Geon-u doesn't want to see you!
-Let go.
Let go!
Where's Geon-u? What room number? Tell me.
-Geon-u Kang.
-I'm sorry.
Forget it. Let go.
Let go!
I said to let go!
Let go! I need... Look, I...
I... I need to go...
I need to go see my kid.
Why won't you let me go?
Hey, Geon-u! You bastard.
TEN DAYS LATER
Let's clean up.
Jung-woo, wash the rags.
Is he coming today?
Is Kaist coming?
He's being discharged today.
You may have visitors again
starting tomorrow.
Prepare for your labor.
-Is Lieutenant Paeng away?
-What about Officer Song?
They both went out of town for training.
They'll be back in ten days.
Okay.
Take care of yourself.
They said you have to change into this.
Tell Geon-u...
that his dad loves him a lot.
Okay.
You must be upset you couldn't see him.
No, I'm fine.
I saw him in my dream last night.
He was in your dream?
In my dream...
Geon-u and I...
We ate something yummy at a nice place.
What, did you have steak?
We had super expensive steak
at a super expensive restaurant.
Dad, I'm hungry.
Where's Mom? Isn't she home?
She went to the restaurant.
Find something to eat in the fridge.
I'm sleeping. Don't wake me up.
God...
Let's eat. Eat.
Doesn't it look yummy?
This is Dad's specialty instant noodles.
There are three boiled eggs in there too.
What's wrong with that? Did it break?
It's been a while since it broke.
I asked Mom for a new one,
but she flat-out told me no.
Okay.
-You're awesome.
-Of course.
This is a piece of cake.
This is nothing to me.
We submitted our future
career goals in school today.
-I'm going to change it tomorrow.
-To what?
To someone like you.
Someone like me? What's that?
A scientist.
You're a scientist.
Sure. I'm a famous scientist in Munrae.
If I wanted,
I could make Taekwon V, Gundam,
Grandizer, anything.
-Hello?
-Get over here, punk.
Why aren't you here? A house opened up.
Okay. I'm coming. I'll go now.
I'll be back.
Son.
Later, for dinner,
order yourself some jjajangmyeon, okay?
Are you ready? Let's go.
Officer, can you put the cuffs on me
after we leave the hospital,
in the van?
My son is in the same hospital wing,
and I don't want him to see me.
It's the rule.
Oh, right.
You will be transferred
to Nambu Penitentiary as of today.
It's new, so it has the best facilities.
You're going to the medical wing there.
So, stop cleaning,
and get ready for work.
We don't have time.
How could they transfer him
out of the blue like that?
His things are still here.
-How could they...
-Why you...
What are you talking about?
You people are here
because you committed crimes.
You guys are criminals.
Why must we report things like that
to jerks like you?
The rules prevent us
from telling you, too.
If you want to assert rights like that,
don't commit crimes.
This isn't a club.
Wake the hell up.
This is a prison.
PERSONAL EFFECTS
6 INMATES
5 INMATES
Min-chul.
I have good news.
You were selected
to be released on parole!
Your name will be sent
to the Ministry of Justice soon.
-Do you mean it?
-Of course.
Don't worry. You'll pass, no problem.
You're a model inmate,
have crazy merit points,
and got good officer evaluations.
There's no reason for you not to pass.
Gosh. You really hung in there. Good job.
How many years was that?
It's been over 22 years, right?
He said something harsh.
His feelings were hurt.
What did he say?
Even if everyone else thinks that,
you can't.
They're the worst. They'll go after anyone
if they smell money.
I know that jerk.
-The guards are there.
-You know what this is, right?
Stay still. It's what you like.
-Who likes druggies?
-Three. Two.
-One.
-Shit.
-Do you hate me too?
-Wake up!
You need to be alert!
He's so happy.
Initially execution, reduced to life
in prison, then reduced to 25 years.
Min-chul, let's talk.
An interview?
Currently serving his 22nd year.
You're scaring me.
Are you stupid?
No, right? There aren't any, is there?
There is.
What a strange thing it is.
There's one more.
-Of all the...
-Gosh.
Give me some time.
I'll name one more.
What's wrong with Je-hyeok's pitches?
They're all over the place.
-They're out of control.
-The psychologist Freud said
the subconscious controls human behavior.
No. He's just a psycho.
Okay, okay! Attention!
Ten inmates from Daegu Penitentiary
are here.
You'll be getting out soon.
You're almost there.
Your suffering is almost over.
What else could happen?